The party was 2 weeks ago. I stole a few
beers when the adults weren't looking
and shared them with Lucy Sitkins away
from the crowd. She drank hers greedily
as we sat beneath a bow of a low tree,
speaking low so no passes by could hear.
Every time we whispered, we tilted our
faces a little closer and closer.
There was a moment when I thought she
was going to rest her head on my
shoulder as she told me about how she
wanted to be a vet and my heart skipped
as I debated putting my arm around her
waist.
It was all cut short when her father,
Larry, stood in front of everyone in the
party and forced the beer can down his
throat.
I didn't see it. I only heard the cries
that had us both sitting upright beneath
the branches.
By the time we got back to the party,
the adults were escorting the kids away
and ambulance sirens were fast
approaching.
Dad was there and he told me to take my
little sister home. The grim and
frightening look on his face made me
forget Lucy and the smell of beer on her
breath.
I try hard to remember if she ate from
the barbecue. Sometimes I think she
didn't. Other times, I swear I can
picture her biting into a burger, and
it's so vivid. I think it must be a
memory.
It's moot either way. I'll never see her
again.
I felt a little gross when I went to
school the next day and asked around if
the stories about her dad were true.
When my father got home the night of the
party, he hadn't spoken to me or mom. He
just went to bed and didn't tell us what
happened.
Come morning, I saw some of the older
kids by the school gates and overheard
them talking. The details made my
stomach churn, but I wanted to know
more.
I didn't want to act all excited about
something terrible, but this felt like
the kind of thing people would be
talking about for years.
Larry Sitkins had swallowed a beer can,
shoved it down his throat like a damn
boa constrictor wreath in an egg. At
least that's how one kid described it to
me. There was more, of course. He
praised Satan before slitting his own
throat, gotten drunk and fallen hard
onto the ground while chugging a beer,
tried to catch the can midair. Someone
had punched him midsip.
There were lots of variations on what
happened and how, but they were only
theories that got turned into rumors.
A lot of us were just trying to make
sense of it. Larry was a pretty
run-of-the-mill guy. He was a landscaper
who made lame jokes at kids birthday
parties. He was about as nondescript as
they came, at least as far as a bunch of
teenagers were concerned.
We got halfway through the day before
Mr. Stra shut the bleaches on his neck.
It was in front of the cheerleaders.
There were ambulances again, crying
girls and boys, and even some of the
teachers.
Most of them just looked confused,
except for Mr. Stra.
I managed to catch a glimpse of him as I
joged over to find out what all the
screaming was about.
He looked empty of all thoughts and
emotions, and his head sat at a crooked
angle.
I figured that was how people must look
when dead, but apparently he'd been like
that during the act. He'd walked up,
perched his neck between the slatted
benches, and hit the remote button to
slide the bleaches closed.
Whole time he was just slack jawed and
stupid looking, even as the metal
mechanism crunched vertebrae and
cartilage. I later learned Larry had
been like this too when he killed
himself.
He was getting ready to pop the tab on a
fresh beer when he simply stopped,
looked up to the sky, then force the
whole thing down his throat in a single
worldshattering moment.
I didn't know it back then, but there
were others just like Larry had missed
the strobe. A barista in a coffee shop
steamed half the skin on her arm while
keeping eye contact with a guy in the
drive-thru. A doctor at the local clinic
used a biopsy needle to inject air
straight into his own heart. Lots of
people shot themselves, but not one of
them aimed for the head.
That's a weird touch if you think about
it. These people obliterated their
torsos or limbs with high-powered rifles
at point blank range. No reason offered,
just a vacant expression as they deleted
bits of their bodies and left nothing
but ragged stumps.
There was no school the next day, which
was the only real clue I got about how
panicked the local authorities were.
Wouldn't be long before the national
authorities joined in on the panic, too.
But that would come later.
That morning, my parents left the house
at 9:30 for a meeting at the town hall,
and they dropped me off at my grandma's
on the way. I waited for them to leave
before I told grandma I was heading out.
It was a hot day, and she only nodded
her approval, and she sat reading with
my sister.
She hated seeing me play video games and
always encouraged me to go make my own
adventures outside.
I had no plans. Didn't even want to see
any of my friends. I thought a lot about
Mr. Strob's face as I crossed empty
farmer's fields and walked into the
woods.
I'd been to an open casket funeral once.
It was for Father Dennis, who'd
christened me as a baby. Not that I
remember anything about him except his
stony face resting gently in the soft
white folds of his casket's interior.
that seemed so long ago and so sterile
that the thought of it was a bit sad,
but not a whole lot else.
But Mr. Strob's face had frightened me
with his swollen lips and bulging eyes.
Alive one moment and dead the next, with
only pain to separate the two.
And yet he looked so bored hanging there
from his own broken neck, still wearing
those ridiculous red shorts he always
had on, no matter the weather.
It took time to recognize that seeing a
dead body had freaked me out. I felt
like it shouldn't have messed me up as
much as it did. And I guess that's why
there was a little bit of anger mixed in
with all those thoughts in my head. It's
also why I pushed on through the woods
until the trees began to thin, marching
in the humid summer heat until my
t-shirt was soaked and my legs achd. I
wanted to feel tired, wanted it, so the
only thing I could think of were my
throbbing hamstrings and sunburnt
forehead.
It ended when I reached the tracks.
Shaggy rocks and boulders rose steeply
on the opposite side. Only other ways to
go were left into town or right into a
dark tunnel, its mouth bristling with
ivy.
At least the air coming from it was
cold, so I took a second to stand and
catch my breath, feeling the sweat cool
and evaporate as the wind billowed
gently out of the darkness.
I wasn't stupid, though. I paid close
attention in case I heard the sound of
any passing trains.
And when I didn't hear one, I raced off
the tracks as quick as I could.
It honked as it came past. Another day,
I might have worried that I was going to
get in trouble for playing on the rails,
but all I could really think of was a
thing I'd seen lying by the tracks.
It had been lit up by the train as it
came roaring out of the tunnel not far
from the entrance.
In the strange silence after the train
had gone, there was only the dim light
of the setting sun to see inside the
tunnel. And everything looked the same.
Old clothes, broken bottles, discarded
crates, trash strewn around wherever it
found space.
But I knew what I'd seen in the harsh
white light of the train's passing beam.
And it was a hell of a lot more than
garbage.
I'd seen a man.
He was lying face down. There'd even
been a hand, bright and pale like the
moon in the night sky.
I was sure of it. I didn't know what to
do. Not right away. I was afraid and
didn't want to go inside, but I couldn't
pretend I hadn't seen anything either.
I tried shouting to them. if someone
down there heard me. They gave no sign
of it. Wasn't until I stepped into the
darkness and let my eyes adjust that I
confirmed there really was a man lying
down in there.
He was draped across the tracks and he
didn't have any legs. And judging by the
way the blood stains had turned the
color brown, he'd been there for a
while.
Hell, half a dozen trains must have gone
right over him, thinking he was just an
odd bit of cloth or something. That's if
they saw anything at all.
In that time, it dried out a little. He
wasn't a mummy or anything, but the
blood on his stumps and coming out of
his mouth looked more like jelly than
corn syrup.
I was sobbing by this point, crying hard
as I tried to make sense of what I was
meant to do, while also feeling like all
of this was terribly unfair on me. There
was a moment where I could almost feel
myself wanting to be a kid again. A
proper one, little one who doesn't have
to do things, one who can get upset and
scream and run away.
I'd only just started to appreciate how
badly I'd been messed up by seeing Mr.
strobe. And then God went and dropped
that kind of nightmare into my lap.
Teeth stained black with blood and open
eyes that looked at nothing.
It felt like a nightmare. Not just the
moment with a body, but everything else,
too. Everything since that beer beneath
the tree had felt like it wasn't part of
reality anymore.
But nightmares end.
I was outside gasping, vomiting, crying
my eyes out when I heard something
shuffle in the tunnel I'd just run out
of. Part of me thought that a sound must
mean someone was alive and close by, and
that meant I wasn't alone. Another part
of me thought something else entirely.
It was the part of me that took over and
stopped me crying and making any more
noise.
My mouth turned dry as a desert. And all
of a sudden, I was no longer hot all
over,
but cold. Freezing cold. And my legs
were backpedaling away from the tunnel
with short, quiet steps.
The noise persisted.
It was the shuffle of something getting
dragged over gravel and old plastic
bags. It had a rhythm to it that was
slow. The word that springs to mind is
one I got taught in biology class a long
time ago.
Locomotion.
Something down there was moving. It was
moving towards me. It sounded slow and
broken and feeble. But that didn't
matter.
Somehow, even though I knew it wasn't
completely insane, I just knew what was
going to come out of that tunnel. I knew
it the way the rabbit knows the wolf or
the ant knows the spider.
But still, when I saw him crawl out of
the dark and into the light, I screamed
so loud I'd have a sore throat for the
next few days.
It was the man from the tracks. And even
though he moved,
he was not alive.
I tried telling myself that he couldn't
have been dead because only living
things move, but that was nonsense.
He dragged his bloody legless torso with
one working arm while the other lay
dislocated across his back, the fingers
of both hands curling as he heathed
himself along.
And that face,
that same empty gawking expression, just
like Mr. strobes.
He wasn't alive. He was a dead thing and
that made him some kind of impossible
monster.
I turned and ran screaming through the
trees.
Whole time I could only think of the
thing that was behind me and was trying
to close the distance.
It didn't matter that it was slow.
Didn't matter that I ran for over an
hour. didn't even matter that I wasn't
sure if I knew my way home or even
running in the right direction.
All that mattered was putting one foot
in front of the other until there was
nothing left inside me.
Time turned funny. Seconds moved into
strange staccato until eventually I
collapsed on legs made of rubber. Then I
dragged myself into an old hollow tree
to hide.
And that was where I lost all
consciousness.
When I woke up, the sun had set and it
was dark. I vomited some, then found my
way back to the beaten path and stumbled
achingly through the cold night air back
to my grandma's farmhouse.
Dad was sick. My grandma screamed
something to this effect at me as she
held down his right arm while my mother
tried to grip his head in her blood
slick hands. He resisted with dumb
determination.
My little sister cried, watching the
scene like a shell shocked soldier.
There was grunting and sobbing and
suddenly
a bang.
Then a puff of plaster rained down onto
my head and everyone began to yell and
shriek a little louder.
Dad
had a gun. That was what my grandma was
trying to wrestle out of his hands. She
held a knife and that's why there was
blood. But I didn't know whose it was. I
wasn't sure what she was planning to do
with it until she tried to use it to cut
his trigger finger off.
The scuffle resulted in another bang and
a window exploded outwards.
I finally ducked and grabbed my sister,
rushing her into another room. But there
were three more explosions and each one
broke something inside me.
By the time I heard my name being
called, I was half deaf and twitching at
things that weren't there. My sister
pleaded for me to come back, her pink
fingers grasping for me as I put her
down. But my mother was shouting for me
to come help, and I wanted to keep my
family safe.
She told me to get something to tie that
up while she and my grandma used both
arms to pin each of his wrists to the
ground. His hands bled weakly as my
grandma used every inch of her strength
to simultaneously pin him and stop the
flow.
He thrashed beneath them, his movements
languid uneasy, but I could tell it was
a struggle for them to keep him down.
As I ran to the garage, I saw the gun on
the ground with dad's severed finger
nearby. I kicked it out of reach before
returning shortly with a rope my grandma
used to tie the garage door open during
hot summers.
Mom tied the knots. My grandma tried
talking to my dad. And it was one of the
few times in my life I saw her as the
woman who'd once changed his diapers.
She was so soothing and tender and her
constant muttering that everything would
be okay
seemed so fragile.
She was scared for him.
Mom just did everything in her power to
wrestle some safety out of the moment.
Only once his arms were secure behind
his back and she was confident he wasn't
breaking free did she stand back, put
her hands behind her, and then
immediately hunch forward and sob.
"Call an ambulance," my grandma told me
as she walked into the other room to get
my sister.
Before I got on the phone, I briefly
hugged my mom, who didn't seem to
notice. I risked a glance at my dad, who
didn't look at anything at all. Dead
eyes glazed vacantly at nothing as he
fought to free his arms.
When he finally looked at me, it was no
different to how he looked at the floor
or the wall.
I didn't go to school the next day
either. Some men from the government
came to take Dad in the morning, and mom
ordered me to my room when they arrived.
She asked them a thousand questions, but
their replies were short and stern.
All I managed to overhear were a few
muffled phrases.
Please stay put, ma'am. Someone will be
in contact with you shortly.
When I ran to my window to look at them
walking down the drive, I saw that they
all wore masks. One of them saw I was
staring. I thought he was going to wave,
but he didn't.
There was a biohazard symbol on their
clothes.
After they left, mom focused on making
dinner and looking after my sister. She
kept me closed the whole time, barking
anxious questions whenever I tried to
leave the room. Where are you going?
Just the bathroom. Oh, okay then.
It felt like she was painting normality
into tissue paper, desperately afraid of
breaking it.
I tried my best to seem like I was okay.
Last thing I wanted was to feel like
some kid who needed his mommy. We mostly
just talked about mundane things. But it
was hard for both of us.
The only time the atmosphere seemed to
change was when she asked me something
strange halfway through dinner.
Did your father when you both went
hunting a few months back. What did you
do to the meat?
I don't know, I shrugged. Dad took care
of all that. Why?
The men who took him asked a whole bunch
of questions about it.
Then with a fragile smile,
"Have you done your homework?" They told
me your teacher would send you some
assignments online.
Just like that, the thin pretense of
normality came back. But I was left with
a wriggling feeling in my stomach. It
didn't go away as the evening marched
on. In fact, it only grew worse until I
found myself in bed rolling from side to
side and thinking about mom's question.
The men who bundled dad off hadn't
seemed like the kind who messed around.
They must have had some idea of what was
going on.
So why ask about the meat?
On some level, I knew the moment she'd
asked me why it was relevant.
Dad loved to hunt and he always brought
me to parties and barbecues.
Wasn't it obvious? He'd brought
something back from the woods, hadn't
he? I hadn't gone hunting for a long
time, nearly 3 months. Every time he'd
asked, I'd refused. And I think he knew
why.
On the very last trip, Dad shot three
deer, but we only took back two. One for
us, one for the town barbecue.
The third he shot, but we left it on the
forest floor because by the time it had
died, I was pale and shaking, and even
Dad couldn't keep the tremor out of his
voice.
Neither of us had expected the deer to
stand on its hind legs and walk towards
us like a man. Its gate a heavy broken
thing as it lumbered over the forest
floor. And it had kept coming even after
dad shot it six more times. One of the
rounds struck it in the head, but still
it shambled forward on two misshapen
legs as his brains painted the ferns in
pestilent gray.
When it finally fell, even Dad had gone
pale, and in the silent aftermath, I had
to go off and be sick in a bush.
After that, we cut the trip short. Dad
walked me gently back to the truck where
the two deer we shot and trust earlier
that day lay waiting in the pickup.
I don't think either of us even
remembered they were there until later.
He'd still ask me if I wanted to head
out with him each weekend, but he never
seemed surprised when I made some
excuse.
The only time we talked about it was not
long before the barbecue when he drove
me to school one day. He didn't deal
with it head on. He skirted the topic.
Sometimes deer get sick, he told me a
little like old folks do. Remember
grandpa? He got real scary towards the
end, didn't he? Well, dear get sick,
too. But we don't have to worry. Same
way you couldn't catch what grandpa had.
Well, we can't catch what the deer have.
Us humans are safe. Just an
uncomfortable part of nature.
It had come out of the blue, or at least
it seemed like it. I figured it was
dad's way of trying to get me back on
board with hunting. I knew he liked me
going with him. I'd liked it, too. At
least until I saw that deer walk toward
me on two legs. But lying in my bed that
night after mom had gone to sleep, I
started to wonder if maybe he hadn't
really been trying to convince me. Maybe
he carried a little doubt in himself
about something he was going to do.
What if he'd been trying to convince
himself it was okay?
too dear. I tried remembering what
they'd been like. I hadn't shaked them
after we got in the truck. Why would I?
Seemed as normal as any others as we
tied them down, but I hadn't really been
paying attention either.
I'd been hunting since I was seven.
Helping dad was automatic to me. And to
top it off, I hadn't known what I was
meant to be looking for.
I squirmed beneath the sheets and tried
so hard to remember every detail of that
trip. Most of all, I tried to remember
what the first two deer dad had shot
were like. They'd gone down so quick
they'd seemed normal. But grandpa had
been sick with Alzheimer's a long time
before he got scary. And I had to figure
the same could be true for those deer.
Who was to say the one on hind legs was
the only sick creature in the woods that
day?
[Music]
I couldn't have forced these thoughts
out of my head with a crowbar.
At some point, I accepted I wasn't
getting any sleep that night, and I
settled down to torture myself some more
until I realized it didn't have to be
that way. Dad had an old freezer in the
shed, and he sometimes kept meat in
there. Not for long. and usually not for
eating. He'd use it for things he'd
wanted to skin or tried to make a trophy
out of it, which he rarely did since mom
didn't like that kind of thing in the
house. But if the deer weren't in the
freezer in the kitchen or the garage,
then they might be in the shed.
And if I did open up that chest and saw
two deer bodies in there, that meant
whatever was going around and making
people hurt themselves couldn't have
come from our little hunting trip.
I snuck out of my room as quietly as I
could. Mom was on the phone with my
grandma and she was crying. I stopped
briefly by a door and listened to see if
maybe they knew something I didn't. But
after she started talking about how
scared she was, I just felt bad and
moved on. At least it meant she was too
busy to notice me creeping down the
stairs.
I never liked the shed at the end of the
yard. It was rarely used, even by my
dad, who kept the lawn mower and some
old junk in there. It wasn't the kind of
place he kept food, but I had this
feeling he didn't keep these deer with
the rest of the meat he got from
hunting. As I opened the back door and
looked over the shadowcovered yard, I
found myself thinking about the tunnel
and what I'd seen back there. With
everything that had happened since, I'd
done a good job of convincing myself it
had never really happened.
The man with no legs who dragged himself
out of the darkness had become little
more than a half-remembered nightmare. A
moment out of time that was incompatible
with all logic and reason.
But suddenly it was back with me. All
the emotions and thoughts that raced
through my head as I'd stared at his
rotten flesh and glassy eyes.
The walk to the shed wasn't easy. I felt
the urge to turn around the entire way
there. Each step was like walking on
feet made of lead.
At the door, I paused with my hand
poised by the lock. The house seemed so
distant behind me, and I became
painfully aware nobody knew I was alone
and out in the dark.
Inside was nearly pitch black. My phone
helped me light it up a little, but I
didn't touch the nearby switch in case
mom saw it from a window. Cobwebs hung
low from the ceiling, and shadows
crawled across the floor and walls as I
moved closer to the freezer.
The entire time, I kept expecting
something to happen. I even imagined
that deer rising from beneath the lid,
pushing it open to stand unnaturally
tall on its hind legs, where it looked
down at me with the same dead eyes I'd
seen in my father.
The thought scared me so bad, I nearly
hyperventilated myself straight into a
panic attack. But before I had time to
really worry about any of that, I found
my hand on the freezer's latch.
I pushed it open and looked inside.
The misty vapors cleared to reveal a
pile of meat and fur encrusted it with
ice.
There was only one head visible, but I
so badly wanted confirmation that there
were two animals in there that I took a
deep breath and reached in to try pry
some of it loose. Some of it came away
from the sides with a sound like duct
tape. But no matter how deep I rooted in
that mound of bone, antlers, and
rockhard flesh,
I couldn't see a sign of the second
deer.
Her dad really served everyone's sick
meat. Was that why Larry Sidkins and Mr.
Stra and all those other people had
killed themselves?
The thought made me feel ill. I slammed
the freezer shut and walked back to the
door in a daysaze, trying with all my
might to swallow the painful weight that
settled in my gut.
I had one foot outside when the freezer
door rattled against the latch.
The entire world spun around me. My
heart sank and my skin froze in a
sensation that was growing increasingly
familiar.
I turned to face the sound. Both hands
braced against the door and watched as
the latch slammed into the lock once
more. The light inside the chest came on
for the briefest moments and I glimpsed
thrashing fur and teeth.
Then it happened again and again. And
each time I saw bits of hoof and bone
and strange musculature that frightened
me so deep I fell down onto my ass and
didn't even realize.
When the latch finally gave way, the lid
flew open and stayed there. Light poured
out of the box. And I waited, breathd,
for that thing to emerge, to come
roaring out of sight and bear down
towards me on unnatural legs.
But nothing happened.
The silence stretched on for what seemed
like an eternity, until at last there
was a crash, louder than any before, and
the entire freezer rocked back and forth
and slowly fell over.
The deer, or parts of it, fell out with
a hard, wet thump. Bits of his chin and
face shattered on the hardpacked ground,
sending little shards of meat and bones
skating across the floor on melting
streaks of blood. Some of them even
reached my feet.
The thing inside moved with the sound of
snow crunching beneath your feet, its
thick neck and broken head twisting side
to side, scanning the shed's interior
with faulty eyes.
I've never seen anything move like that.
Not before or since. This was worse than
the man in the tunnel. Worse by a
thousand times.
The deer was still mostly frozen, but
some impossible force was making the
crystallized water in its own cells, and
the result was skin that rippled like
tissue and muscle that cracked and
crunched as they tried to flex and
contract.
It lifted its head and tried to scream.
The breathy sound that left its fuzzy
black lips made my heart start skipping
beats while my bladder entered. I
couldn't help it, couldn't stop myself.
And when I looked down and saw pieces of
melting flesh starting to writhe and
wriggle, I tried with all my might to
stifle the cry building up in my throat,
but it escaped as a desperate
high-pitched whine.
The deer turned his head towards me with
a violent swing. Another breathy shriek,
and then it began to thrash its stiff
and frozen legs in a terrifying attempt
to get closer.
To say it had a predatory look would be
inaccurate.
Anyone who's seen a predator in action
knows that nature is mostly indifferent
when it kills. A bear tears into its
prey with the same dull look of someone
opening their McDonald's. Predators
don't hate the things they're hunting.
But this thing, I could feel its hatred,
its malice. It was nothing like what I'd
seen in my dad's eyes or even the eyes
of the man in the tunnel.
But it had spent months in that box,
hadn't it? This was the disease when you
skipped 3 months ahead.
Anger, hatred.
Jeez, I couldn't even say if it was
going to eat me. That's what you think
when you see a zombie, right? It's going
to try and take a big bite out of you.
But this frozen clump of hair and meat
and brain lips dragged itself across the
floor with an expression like murderous
rage. The look of someone ready to beat
another living thing to death using its
own hands if it had to.
Unable to face it a moment longer, I
dragged myself back onto my feet and
fled, shutting my eyes as I entered the
cold night air,
I made it three steps
before I slammed
into my dad.
It was like I'd run full speed into a
tree. I bounced back and hit the earth,
pain flaring up my cockix as my father
loomed over me. He'd felt cold for the
brief moment where we made contact. My
mind blocked out the sound of something
hideous scrambling in the shed behind
me, and the entire world narrowed until
it was just the face of the man who
raised me, looking down with pale dead
eyes.
"Dad,"
he swallowed and briefly examined his
hands.
I think I'm dead," he muttered almost as
if he was talking to himself.
"When did I die?"
I pulled myself up and grabbed his hand.
He was cold, but his pulse was still
racing. I could even see the veins in
his forearms throb sickeningly.
"Dad, are you okay?
Dad. Dad, are you okay?"
They told me I'm sick," he said, his
eyes gazing vacantly at the empty space
behind me. "I think they're right, but
there's more."
He looked at me, the intensity of his
gaze so powerful that I let go of his
hand and took a step back.
"For the first time in my life, I was
scared of him."
I'm not alone in here," he said, his
voice pleading for help. Slowly, his
expression twisted into a grotesque mask
of agony and desperation.
"Oh jeez, it isn't just me in here."
I tried to move, but he was a big man,
and his arms wrapped around me like
steel bands. "Dad," I cried, struggling
to pull myself loose as he sobbed louder
and louder. Dad. Jeez. You got to let
go. There's The shed door burst open. I
managed to turn around just enough. I
could see what came out and I felt an
urgent terror crawling up my flesh. The
deer had pulled itself loose from the
freezer. And now it stood in the doorway
and two legs. Its body looked all wrong
in that posture, like when you twist the
limbs around on a doll. Probably not far
from the truth thinking about it.
Dad didn't react, but I began to scream
as the nightmare coalesed around me. My
father gripping, holding me in place as
that horrible thing lurched towards me
on two legs. It moved like claimation or
a puppet show gone wrong. But it was
quicker than I feared.
As each step brought it closer, I found
myself losing what little control I had.
I started to scream, started to shriek.
I beat at my father with my fists, but
he didn't budge an inch. My clenched
hands just bounced off his strong
shoulders, and it was like I was trying
to hurt a punching bag. I started to
swear, too. Started to scream things I
thought were bad, then worse, then so
bad I'm not even sure I can blame other
people for putting those words in my
head. I told my dad I hated him. Called
him the worst names under the sun.
All that commotion got the attention of
others. Neighbors light started coming
on. My mom emerged from the back door,
wrapping a robe around herself as she
squinted at us in the dark.
"What the hell is going on?" she cried
as she stumbled towards us. But when she
saw that deer, she started screaming
too.
"I don't know why, but I thought that
other people appearing would help
somehow. that as two, three, half a
dozen people came stumbling into open
lawns, peering over waistey fences, it
had stopped the slow but inevitable
onslaught of that monster.
It did no such thing. I had to listen to
their confused shouts and cries or
gesturing and begging for help. The
entire time, the sound of the creature
over my shoulder getting closer and
closer. Meanwhile, my hands tried to pry
away my father's thick arms, but each
time I got leverage, he simply flexed
and his grip tightened around me.
He was muttering something the whole
time, but I couldn't hear it.
Finally, my mom screamed and ran,
swinging an old rake at the space behind
me. I heard the impact, the splintering
of the wooden handle. Then she stumbled
backwards and I had to twist to get a
look at the deer that was now just six
or seven feet away. The spokes of a rake
still sticking out of its face.
The monster looked right at me and
opened its mouth. And I swear to God it
was going to talk, but right then
someone shouted, "For the love of God,
Alice, get away from that thing."
Alice was my mother's name, and she fell
to the floor just seconds before an
explosion broke the night, silencing all
voices and shattering the deer's head
like a crystal ball hitting the ground.
My heart raced so fast, I thought for a
moment I was going to die.
Then I looked down at Dad and finally
heard what he'd been mumbling this whole
time.
It's in us and it wants us. It's in us
and it wants us. It's in us and it wants
us.
There isn't much left of dad these days.
I got to visit a couple of times. Fat
lot of good it did. As far as I'm
concerned, he died that day in the
kitchen when he first tried shooting
himself. They're treating us in this
special hospital.
Mom was real upset that visitations are
limited, but I think it might be for the
best. Her and my sister tested clean.
Most people did.
I didn't.
Mom snuck me this phone a couple weeks
ago, and I've been using that to write.
Funny thing is, one of the orderly saw
me on it a few days ago and just left. I
think that maybe the government aren't
too worried about this story getting
out.
At first, I didn't really get why until
I started actually putting all this down
into writing. Got to the part where that
half man came out the tunnel and I
realized
no one's going to believe me.
Still, I got to try. Partly because I
want to protect people. Whatever this
disease is, it's a hell of a lot more
than some twisted pions. And I think the
government knows that. Dad certainly
did. Most infected did too. That's why
they killed themselves. They wanted out.
The voice that comes with this illness
is like
It's like if your brain is just words in
a book and then someone dipped that book
in a full can of used motor oil. You
just want to give in. Hand it all over.
It wants your body. So whatever you do,
you don't fight. That's worse. Give it
up.
In hindsight, we should have let dad
kill himself. What he went through was,
well, it was probably a lot worse than
the others who got to die. I sometimes
think about going into his room with a
pillow, but security is pretty tight
around him.
As for me, infection is still in its
early phase. It takes everyone
differently and for me it's taking quite
its time. I think it's because of my
age.
Still, I can sort of feel it under there
growing.
I think it's why I'm writing this.
It wants me to
sickness. It lives out in the woods,
way, way out in parts of the soil where
the sun hasn't shown in millions of
years.
It's old enough to remember a time you
could walk from Appalachia to what's now
called Glasgow and it's been fumbling
around out there in the brains of deer
and other things.
The signness tells me this tells me it's
learning about this new world. Tells me
about how mine tastes.
But most of all,
it tells me
it's getting closer.
[Music]